README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws)
# Web Engineering 2016-2017 / Big Web Services
Please, go to the [Wiki](https://github.com/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws/wiki) in order to get the instructions for this assignment.

NIA    | User name | Repo | Build Status | What was explored | Alternative | Score
-------|-----------|------|--------------|-------------------|-------------|--------
647002 | AGUILAR REQUENA, EDUARDO
666156 | BAREA LÓPEZ, DANIEL
666179 | BARRIOS GIL, ÁLVARO
612595 | BELTRÁN PIÑOL, VÍCTOR
683326 | BINTANED BASA, JESÚS
649003 | CAUDEVILLA CASAUS, JOSE ÁNGEL
750846 | DAVID MOLINA, JOHN ALEXIS
529361 | DUMITRACHE , CATALIN  CONSTANTIN
535621 | FRÍAS ZAPATER, MARTA ALMUDENA
680258 | GARCIA DE QUIROS GIMENEZ, JORGE
680669 | GUIU PÉREZ, ALEJANDRO
682531 | JUAN CIRIACO, ÁLVARO
544393 | LAHOZ EGEA, CRISTINA
622612 | MARTIN SEGURA, SERGIO
681061 | MARTÍNEZ MENÉNDEZ, ALBERTO
576307 | MARTÍNEZ PÉREZ, ADRIAN
540891 | MENENDEZ MOYA, FRANCISCO
680882 | MORENO JIMENO, RUBÉN
750849 | MOSQUERA ZAPATA, LUIS EDUARDO
650448 | MURILLO MAGDALENA, JAVIER
453948 | NAVARRO CLARAS, MARIO
647973 | PERALTA MARTÍNEZ, SANTIAGO
683546 | PÉREZ CANCER, BEATRIZ
686329 | ROIG JIMENEZ, ANA
559207 | RUEDA MACÍAS, DANIEL
610344 | SALUEÑA SEDILES, ASIER
680182 | SANZ ALCAINE, JORGE
534521 | SANZ VIDAL, AITOR
618051 | TOLON MARTÍN, CARLOS JAVIER
643821 | VELA GARCÍA, JUAN
679609 | VIÑUALES SÁNCHEZ, PABLO

Commit message:

Spanish to Russian new test

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws)
# Web Engineering 2016-2017 / Big Web Services
Please, go to the [Wiki](https://github.com/UNIZAR-30246-WebEngineering/lab2-big-ws/wiki) in order to get the instructions for this assignment.

NIA    | User name | Repo | Build Status | What was explored | Alternative | Score
-------|-----------|------|--------------|-------------------|-------------|--------
647002 | AGUILAR REQUENA, EDUARDO
666156 | BAREA LÓPEZ, DANIEL
666179 | BARRIOS GIL, ÁLVARO
612595 | BELTRÁN PIÑOL, VÍCTOR
683326 | BINTANED BASA, JESÚS
649003 | CAUDEVILLA CASAUS, JOSE ÁNGEL
750846 | DAVID MOLINA, JOHN ALEXIS
529361 | DUMITRACHE , CATALIN  CONSTANTIN
535621 | FRÍAS ZAPATER, MARTA ALMUDENA
680258 | GARCIA DE QUIROS GIMENEZ, JORGE
680669 | GUIU PÉREZ, ALEJANDRO
682531 | JUAN CIRIACO, ÁLVARO
544393 | LAHOZ EGEA, CRISTINA
622612 | MARTIN SEGURA, SERGIO
681061 | MARTÍNEZ MENÉNDEZ, ALBERTO
576307 | MARTÍNEZ PÉREZ, ADRIAN
540891 | MENENDEZ MOYA, FRANCISCO
680882 | MORENO JIMENO, RUBÉN
750849 | MOSQUERA ZAPATA, LUIS EDUARDO
650448 | MURILLO MAGDALENA, JAVIER
453948 | NAVARRO CLARAS, MARIO
647973 | PERALTA MARTÍNEZ, SANTIAGO
683546 | PÉREZ CANCER, BEATRIZ
686329 | ROIG JIMENEZ, ANA
559207 | RUEDA MACÍAS, DANIEL
610344 | SALUEÑA SEDILES, ASIER
680182 | SANZ ALCAINE, JORGE
534521 | SANZ VIDAL, AITOR
618051 | TOLON MARTÍN, CARLOS JAVIER [Repo](https://github.com/ctolon22/lab2-big-ws/tree/test) | [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/ctolon22/lab2-big-ws.svg?branch=test)](https://travis-ci.org/ctolon22/lab2-big-ws) | New test: from Spanish to Russian.
643821 | VELA GARCÍA, JUAN
679609 | VIÑUALES SÁNCHEZ, PABLO
